Update references, captions, lit_review and glossary (#4)
larahabashy/capstone-report: _build/html/_sources/capstone-report.md

The second deliverable is a web application for our partner to interact with the lipohypertrophy classification and object detection models. The team expects our partner to use this app to upload one or multiple cropped ultrasound images, and get an instant prediction of lipohypertrophy presence along with the prediction confidence. If the prediction is positive, a red box will appear on the image to indicate the proposed lipohypertrophy area. The app is deployed on Streamlit share and Heroku, two free-service deployment platforms. The team sent a special request form to Streamlit to increase the allocated resources under Streamlit’s “good for the world” projects program. The request was approved and the app deployed on Streamlit share runs much faster in comparison to that deployed on Heroku; which now serves as a backup. Future (larger) models could be hosted on cloud based servers since they are more flexible and secure.

> The team and capstone partner evaluated the merits of both a desktop and web app. A desktop app would allow our partner to interact with the model without internet access, and has lower maintenance costs. However, installing the app on hospital computers requires internal IT clearance. The web app decided on the web app as it does not require IT clearance for use. The desktop app was deemed less preferable by our partner due to potential IT clearance issues.

Reviewer: Oops, I had a typo here! 

```suggestion
The team and capstone partner evaluated the merits of both a desktop and web app. A desktop app would allow our partner to interact with the model without internet access, and has lower maintenance costs. However, installing the app on hospital computers requires internal IT clearance. On the other hand, the web app as it does not require IT clearance for use. The desktop app was deemed less preferable by our partner due to potential IT clearance issues.
```

1) Well-documented source code and an automated machine learning pipeline
2) An interactive web application

> he open-source licensed source code will allow future researchers and developers to borrow from and build upon this work. The Makefile included with the project makes it seamless to update the model with an expanded dataset. The web application allows healthcare providers to easily interact with our machine learning model to discover which sites are safe for insulin injection and which sites should be avoided. 

Reviewer: The T is missing here.
